Update ARK Flow parameter configuration (#2263)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/dronecan/ark_flow.md

> You need to set the EKF optical flow parameters to enable fusing optical flow measurements for velocity calculation, set necessary [DroneCAN](README.md) parameters, and define offsets if the sensor is not centred within the vehicle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to set the EKF optical flow parameters to enable fusing optical flow measurements for velocity calculation, set necessary [DroneCAN](README.md) parameters, and define offsets if the sensor is not centred within the vehicle.
Parameters are set in In *QGroundControl*.
```

> - In *QGroundControl* in the parameter [EKF2_AID_MASK](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#EKF2_AID_MASK), check the box for "use optical flow" (bit 1) to enable optical flow aiding. Or manually set the parameter to the value `2`.
> - To optionally disable GPS aiding, set [EKF2_GPS_CTRL](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#EKF2_GPS_CTRL) to `0`.
> - Set [EKF2_RNG_A_HMAX](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#EKF2_RNG_A_HMAX) to `10`.

Reviewer: Everything is set using QGC, so pulling that out into a pre-list note:

```suggestion
Set the following parameters in *QGroundControl*:
- In [EKF2_AID_MASK](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#EKF2_AID_MASK), check the box for "use optical flow" (bit 1) to enable optical flow aiding.
  Alternatively set the value of the whole parameter to `2`.
  - To optionally disable GPS aiding, set [EKF2_GPS_CTRL](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#EKF2_GPS_CTRL) to `0`.
- Set [EKF2_RNG_A_HMAX](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#EKF2_RNG_A_HMAX) to `10`.
```
